Doc edits for CAF (#36)
aws-quickstart/quickstart-f5-big-ip-virtual-edition: docs/deployment_guide/partner_editable/post_deployment.adoc

For more information about F5 BIG-IP Runtime Init and additional examples, refer to the https://github.com/F5Networks/f5-bigip-runtime-init/blob/main/README.md[GitHub repository^].

> This template can send non-identifiable statistical information to F5 Networks to help us improve our templates. You can disable this functionality for this deployment only by supplying **false** for the value of the **allowUsageAnalytics** input parameter, or you can disable it system-wide by setting the **autoPhonehome** system class property value to false in the F5 Declarative Onboarding declaration. See the link:#_customize_the_big_ip_ve_configuration[Customizing the BIG-IP Configuration] section for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This template can send non-identifiable statistical information to F5 Networks to help us improve our templates. You can disable this functionality for this deployment only by supplying **false** for the value of the **allowUsageAnalytics** input parameter, or you can disable it system-wide by setting the **autoPhonehome** system class property value to false in the F5 Declarative Onboarding declaration. For more information, refer to the link:#_customize_the_big_ip_ve_configuration[Customize the BIG-IP VE configuration] section.
```
